Some Grammer improvement (#1)
jpbandroid/Axela: README.md

### How to install

> Since Axela's installed kept crashing, I decided to distribute it as a zip file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Axela's installer kept crashing, I decided to distribute it as a zip file. (Will be fixed in next version however, as I recently found a solution)
```
